There is a Chinese story about "The workshop on kungfu held on the top of Mount Hua".

Mount Hua is one of the five most famous mountains in China. It is famous for being difficult to climb.

Around 1200 AD, China was in a period of war and people's lives were very difficult, especially for the poor. It was exactly at this time that someone found a kungfu book, and people started fighting for it. Many people died for it. In the end, five people with the best kungfu decided to compete on the top of Mount Hua, and the winner took the book away. The five people were: Chongyang Wang, Yaoshi Huang, Qigong Hong, Zhixing Duan, and Feng Ouyang. Yaoshi Huang was the smartest person, but Chongyang Wang was the winner. And Chongyang Wang took the book. Chongyang Wang used "True Swordsmanship".

There was a beautiful lady named Chaoying Lin, she was good at kungfu as well. She admired Chongyang Wang and wanted to marry him. But Chongyang Wang's mind was not on love. He wanted to unify China so that the poor would no longer suffer. Because of love and hatred, Chaoying Lin decided to crack Chongyang Wang's "True Swordsmanship" and she created the "Beauty’s Swordsmanship". For every move of "True Swordsmanship", "Beauty’s Swordsmanship" could crack it with a corresponding move.

Chongyang Wang divided the book into two parts. The first part mainly introduced preparation knowledge, and the second part mainly introduced kungfu skills. If one only read one of the two parts, it is impossible for him to learn this book. Chongyang Wang handed the second part to his junior brother Botong Zhou who shared the same master with him. Botong Zhou was nicknamed "the old naughty boy". He especially liked Kungfu, but he did not care about winning or losing at all.

Yaoshi Huang’s wife did not know Kungfu. Yaoshi Huang and Botong Zhou threw the stone into a hole. In the end Botong Zhou lost(because Yaoshi Huang was the smartest person), and Yaoshi Huang asked Botong Zhou to lend the book to Yaoshi Huang's wife(who did not know kungfu) for reading for a moment. After reading it twice, Yaoshi Huang’s wife told Botong Zhou that this book was a very common book that children could recite. Botong Zhou didn't believe it, so Yaoshi Huang's wife recited the whole book. Botong Zhou thought that the book he kept had been secretly replaced with a fake book, so he tore the "fake" book to pieces. After Botong Zhou left, Yaoshi Huang's wife wrote the contents of the whole book by memorizing. The book was real, and Yaoshi Huang’s wife was very good at memorizing.

Later Botong Zhou knew about the story and asked Yaoshi Huang for the book. Then Botong Zhou and Yaoshi Huang fight against with each other. One could not beat down the other. Botong Zhou lived in Yaoshi Huang’s house for fifteen years. During the fifteen years, Yaoshi Huang arranged for Botong Zhou with food. Botong Zhou was thinking about how to defeat Yaoshi Huang every day. He practiced with two hands and hit the right with the left, just like two people fighting. He called this skill "fight between left and right".

Yaoshi Huang's daughter Rong Huang was also a very smart person. She asked Botong Zhou to teach her "fight between left and right". Botong Zhou taught her, but she couldn't get it. Rong Huang's boyfriend Jing Guo was simple and serious. Botong Zhou asked him to draw a square with one hand and a circle with the other. He learned it after drawing a few times. Then Botong Zhou taught him "fight between left and right".

Another twenty years later, Guo Yang, the son of Jing Guo's sworn brother, became the student of XiaoLongnv. XiaoLongnv’s master was the student of Chaoying Lin. Literally, "Xiaolongnv" means "the dragon's little daughter". Xiaolongnv learned the "True Swordsmanship" and "Beauty’s Swordsmanship" from the materials left by Chaoying Lin. She could also raise bees. Botong Zhou thought it was fun to raise bees, so Xiaolongnv taught Botong Zhou to raise bees. Botong Zhou taught Xiaolongnv "fight between left and right". Botong Zhou asked her to draw a square with one hand and a circle with the other. Xiaolongnv was a very simple girl, without a trace of distractions in her heart. She concentrated and drew it all at once. Botong Zhou was very surprised, and taught her "fight between left and right".

Xiaolongnv had learned "fight between left and right". she used the "True Swordsmanship"  with one hand and "Beauty’s Swordsmanship" with the other. It turned out that "Beauty’s Swordsmanship" could not only restrain/crack the "True Swordsmanship", but also cooperate with the "True Swordsmanship". These two swordsmanships are both adversarial and cooperative (Chaoying Lin hated Chongyang Wang because she could not get love from him, but she loved him deeply). Xiaolongnv became the best sword lady.

(Later Xiaolongnv married her studnet Guo Yang. Guo Yang learned kungfu from Yaoshi Huang, Qigong Hong, Zhixing Duan, Feng Ouyang and Botong Zhou, besides his master Xiaolongnv. And he was the most skilled sword man among the young people.)

Let's look at this story from the point of view of a neural network:"fight between left and right" is "generative adversarial networks".
